salam aleikoum hello dear friends
today I am going to speak to you about
the probable evolution during and caumont
Africa kill me
profits from this evolution which is
vanity but the evolution strongly too
gathered over the next few years
First we'll start there must
that today present state
things on october now 2014
some central banks are starting to
worry about being able to recover their gold
physical that they entrusted to the states
united and in particular germany the
central bank of germany just like everything
the world knows it is doubting
a few days that she can one day
recover these four sheep is when
even something very important
the central bank of venezuela has
asked for the recovery of his den
izik is of this name to the turnbuckles she
was able to recover but this is the first
once a central bank
one asks and the recovery of his
physical and other central banks
are considering doing the
same thing why because we think
that there are more than 300 times in mci
who blows in the world with respect to
the actual physical gold
so this information is comes a
little bit confirmed what the
Chinese for ten years the Chinese are
accumulating physical gold and
and then we dry up the market
gold
why because the Chinese buy
Gold do monte delivery to China
but make them you will not see
never on the next 20 years and
Chinese man sales why they
are buying Chinese gold because
they intend to
to be able to launch the Chinese currency
in the world thinks that if you want
do business with china
you will have to buy the currency
Chinese instead of paying them in dollars
or motorcycle and evo and they will say that
in fact the Chinese currency is marked
by the airlock a very
powerful and which make anticipate and
Africa could benefit from this
is happening on the gold market or is
develop without having to account to
nobody because gold the money the
deprives oil that binds in Africa
more than enough for the
African continent be one of the
best continents of the planet
for that we will have to reclaim
this wealth
instead of leaving multinationals
come to pay concessions to
fine arts with bits of bread and
recover billions coming out of
outside it's called everything
just siphon a ticket if you
have a partner the partner can not
not come say it me I take 80% and
you 20%
it's not a partner this one it's
a predator the partner the one who
come see you who are you saying I you
help to take your wealth and you me
pay for learning that's why
Islamic funds are interesting
the Islamic fund
he will lend you money for that
you can develop your tool
production whether it's the materials
first
wherever agricultural materials and
then wanted to repay and you stay
owner and the concession and
the production tool
this is called saucers and dubai and
the most accomplished financial center
to be able to structure these products there
I would like to point out that banks
African power plants at least 4
inches have in their reserves
while central banks
Europeans have more than 50 inches yet
in their bookings
so the difference is abysmal so he
is missing information
this information she is there one
is seriously considering redesigning
international monetary system that does not
can no longer be based on a currency
unique a green ticket that we took my
will is so sacred what his have
not what he is doing
in the world market there is a
subjectivity that does not correspond to the
sweat from the bottom of the tank so
today I
i still have to order to africa
to be able to reclaim his weapon
because the future of africa passes
by the total cotton of these materials
first or that link a tool that
exists it is the sukuk in other words a
good Islamic who is here to be able
help the public sector and the sector
private sector to develop
without any debt since these defects
arrives to help you
refund
with the profits and then you stay
owner of vote in resources
mining of your resources come here
so I wanted to send this message to the
African youth and I hope I can
have spinoffs so that I can
then explain more clearly more
exactly how french